Add Philips iSyntax (.isyntax) support via libisyntax (#121)
DIAGNijmegen/rse-panimg: README.md

* `pyvips`
* `oct-converter`
* `wsidicom`

> * `pyisyntax` (optional: `pip install pyisyntax`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `pyisyntax`
```

| `.mrxs` (MIRAX)                     | `.tif`  | `tiff`     |                            |
| `.biff` (Ventana)                   | `.tif`  | `tiff`     |                            |
| `.dcm` (DICOM-WSI)                  | `.tif`  | `tiff`     |                            |
| `.isyntax` (iSyntax)                | `.tif`  | `tiff`     | <sup>[4](#footnote4)</sup> |

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: Detached headers are not supported.

<a name="footnote2">2</a>: Only OCT volume(s), no fundus image(s) will be extracted.

<a name="footnote3">3</a>: 2D only, unitary dimensions

> <a name="footnote3">4</a>: `pip install panimg[isyntax]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a name="footnote3">4</a>: When `isyntax` is available in the python environment
```
